You can judge a man's true character by the way he treats his fellow animals.We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.Sometimes we only see how people are different from us. But if you look hard enough, you can see how much we're all alike.A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.I believe in everything until it's disproved. So I believe in fairies, the myths, dragons. It all exists, even if it's in your mind. Who's to say that dreams and nightmares aren't as real as the here and now?If you can dream it, you can do it.The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.Let it be.One thing you can't hide - is when you're crippled inside.Don’t count the days, make the days count.Tough times never last, but tough people do.What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do.We will be friends until forever, just you wait and see.All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.There's nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be...And, in the end, The love you take is equal to the love you make.If someone thinks that peace and love are just a cliche that must have been left behind in the 60s, that's a problem. Peace and love are eternal.Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.Your imagination is your preview of life’s coming attractions.The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work.The past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it, or learn from it.As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot.There are no traffic jams along the extra mile.If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.Do what you can, where you are, with what you have.If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace.Venture outside your comfort zone. The rewards are worth it.Take these broken wings and learn to fly.You must be the change you wish to see in the world.The best dreams happen when you’re awake.When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.Beauty is found within.To laugh at yourself is to love yourself.Mickey MouseSome people care too much. I think it's called love.Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.It's up to you how far you’ll go. If you don't try, you'll never know.I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.Like so many things, it is not what's outside, but what is inside that counts.I only hope that we don't lose sight of one thing - that it was all started by a mouse.Don't just fly, soar.There's the whole world at your feet.The best way out is always through.Of all of our inventions for mass communication, pictures still speak the most universally understood language.Sometimes,' said Pooh, 'the smallest things take up the most room in your heart.It's kind of fun to do the impossible.Think of all the joy you'll find, when you leave the world behind and bid your cares goodbye. You can fly.Today's special moments are tomorrow's memories.If you weren't you, then we'd all be a bit less we.It's all in the mind.The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.Change your thoughts and you change your world.Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world.The power of imagination makes us infinite.Do what you love and the money will follow.I think we dream so we don’t have to be apart for so long. If we’re in each other’s dreams, we can be together all the time.Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.I used to think anyone doing anything weird was weird. Now I know that it is the people that call others weird that are weird.Don’t wait. The time will never be just right.The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.Happiness is the art of never holding in your mind the memory of any unpleasant thing that has passed.How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.A year from now you may wish you had started today.It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about.You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.Keep your face to the sunshine and you can never see the shadow.I think we dream so we don't have to be apart for so long. If we're in each other's dreams, we can be together all the time.If you keep on believing, the dream that you wish will come true.Life is a journey to be experienced, not a problem to be solved.Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.﻿Some people care too much. I think it's called love.Just keep going. Everybody gets better if they keep at it.Once you choose hope, anything's possible.If you focus on what you left behind, you will never see what lies ahead.You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality.Remember you're the one who can fill the world with sunshine.